OSDOCS-4471: Adding cdn03.quay.io back to the list (#53210)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-firewall.adoc

|443, 80
|Provides core container images

|`cdn03.quay.io`
|443, 80
|Provides core container images

|`sso.redhat.com`
|443, 80
|The `https://console.redhat.com/openshift` site uses authentication from `sso.redhat.com`

|===
+

> You can use the wildcards `\*.quay.io` and `*.openshiftapps.com` instead of `cdn0[1-3].quay.io` in your allowlist. When you add a site, such as `quay.io`, to your allowlist, do not add a wildcard entry, such as `*.quay.io`, to your denylist. In most cases, image registries use a content delivery network (CDN) to serve images. If a firewall blocks access, then image downloads are denied when the initial download request is redirected to a hostname such as `cdn01.quay.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the wildcards `\*.quay.io` and `*.openshiftapps.com` instead of `cdn0[1-3].quay.io` in your allowlist. When you add a site, such as `quay.io`, to your allowlist, do not add a wildcard entry, such as `*.quay.io`, to your denylist. In most cases, image registries use a content delivery network (CDN) to serve images. If a firewall blocks access, image downloads are denied when the initial download request redirects to a hostname such as `cdn01.quay.io`.
```
